How to provide students information for classes
How to provide students information for classes

In order to provide a set and reliable informations about students, such as; location for classes, instrument choice, course, availability and all others, just follow these steps:

1. Go to "find classes".

2. Click on the 3 parallel lines at the top left of the page.

3. Set and fill in necessary infos.

Here students can assess in their informations, which provides the teacher the knowledge of the student's choices. 

- First of all the student are to select their lesson type( online, teacher's place, student's place)A

- And then  ' sort by ', which helps the students in choosing the system if price and funds

Categories: This helps the students in selecting the course of Thier choice. Students are required to select the area course of their study before any further reactions e.g Music, driving, mathematics, culinary,language, tailoring and lots more to discover on educify.org

* Subject: Students are meant to select their subject immediately after choosing the courses. So for every course, there are various subjects to learn and students are privileged to make alot of choices. For example; A music course students, will be given the option of choosing any instruments subject for example; piano, violin, trumpet, drums, music theory, guitar, voice, and all others. This also applies to all other courses.

And then lessons can commence

After making all necessary selections, you then move on to;

Availability settings: Set your time for each course  in correspondence to your teachers timezone. Conveniences are given to students to make a choice to their cool and best available time to ensure effective and efficient tutorials.

Timezone: Students should always ensure to set their timezones so as to provide our teachers with the information of the meeting in relation to their own timezones. Also amends are allowed, when students either relocate to another geographical area or a change in time settings. There should be an efficient communication on such instances